Rock pools
Peppa and George are going to the seaside
with Granny and Grandpa Pig.
Peppa and George love the seaside.
Oh, where has the sand gone?
There isn't any sand down this beach, Peppa.
No sand?
But we wanted to make sand castles.
Peppa and George love making sand castles.
No, no, George. Don't be upset!
There are lots of exciting things
to do on this rocky beach.
Like what?
When the sea goes out, it leaves little pools
of water in amongst the rocks.
That called rock pools.
And in these rock pools, there's something special
that the sea has left behind.
I can see something glittering.
It's a coin.
Maybe it's a pirate's treasure.
Let's make a collection of all the things we find.
Yes,
we'll put them in George's bucket.
What surprise is waiting in this pool?
There's nothing special in this one.
There's always something, Peppa.
Look closer!
Whoa, there is something.
Yes, it's a crab!
The crab is pinching Grandpa Pig's finger.
Ouch!
Naughty, Mr. Crab.
Look, George.
Mr. Crab is walking side ways.
George is pretending to be a crab.
Peppa wants to be a crab, too.
We're naughty crabs.
Pinch, pinch, pinch!
There are two naught crabs trying to pinch.
We're naughty crabs.
Pinch pinch, pinch!
Shoo, shoo, shoo,
you naughty crabs.
Go back to your little rock pools.
Yes, let's look in more rock pools.
What can you see?
A seashell.
Can you hearthe sea in it?
What do you mean?
If you put a shell to yourear,
you could hear the sea.
Wow, I can hearthe sea!
I love my seashell.
George, can you find a seashell, too?
Shell!
That's not a shell.
Oh.
Peppa's right.
That's not a shell.
George has found a fossil.
What's a fossil?
Afossil is the remains of an animal that lived
long ago when there were dinosaurs.
Dinosaur!
Rock pools are such fun!
Yes, they are fun for us.
But not forthis little fish.
A fish!
Where?
Poor little fish. She's trapped.
The little fish says she wants to
go back to the sea.
Maybe you could use your bucket
to rescue her.
Yes.
Peppa is rescuing the little fish
in her bucket.
Don't worry, Mrs. Fish.
You'll soon be back with yourfriends.
Bye bye, Mrs. Fish.
Bye bye.
I love rock pools!